Well hey there Anionok, happy 4th of July to you all. I sure wish we could be together at Drake Park.
but as you know it wasn't available this weekend so we're taking the week off before we head to Crescent Lake next Sunday
for our church-wide day at the lake. I'm looking forward to seeing you all there and if you haven't yet please register online and let us know you're coming so we know how many to cook.
15 to cook for.
For this weekend, I wanted to take a quick moment and share a couple thoughts about Independence Day.
and specifically how we might experience it as followers of Jesus.
So many of you know that we've been fixing up this old church building at Six and Clay and we've completely gutted and rebuilt the sanctuary but when we got the key
the keys to the building last year.
These two flags were prominently displayed on either side of the baptistry.
the american flag and the christian flag and you've probably seen a similar set up in other churches or christian schools or something.
um first let me tell you what i like about that.
and why I assume the congregation that was here before us set up these two flags in the first place. The truth is, as American Christians, we have dual citizens.
Citizenship.
We're citizens of the United States and we're citizens of the Kingdom of God.
But unlike people who have dual citizenship in two different countries and can go back and forth between them,
We actually live in two places at the same time.
And this is true of every Christian in the world, and always has been.
Think about the way Paul starts a bunch of his epistles. He opens his letters saying something like, "To God's holy people in Ephesus..."
the faithful in Christ Jesus.
So he's addressing congregations
That are living in two places at the same time.
The Ephesian Christians were dual citizens. They were in Ephesus.
and they were in Christ.
and this is the same kind of thing that's true for us as american christians.
Which is all good.
Until we start noticing some of the ways
These two places are in conflict with one another.
that's when dual citizenship gets complicated. So what do you do when the American way?
and the Jesus way,
Are headed in different directions.
What do you do when God and country
Are in a tug of war for your loyalty.
What do you do when our nation
Sets aside a day to celebrate our independence
But we know
That the promise of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness
Came with a price tag of millions of native and African lives.
It's complicated.
So the 4th of July is tricky for me.
And if it isn't tricky for you, I want you to think about it.
A little bit more.
I love our country.
And I'm so grateful that I was born here.
and then I get to live here. I'm proud to be an American.
But I'm a Christian first.
I pledge allegiance to the flag
But my first allegiance...
Will always be to christ in his kingdom.
Which is why when we gather to worship in our new sanctuary, you're not going to see either of these flags anywhere.
The church should be the one place
in all creation where the Lordship of Christ is unopposed.
so I love you all
Happy 4th.
and I will see you next week at the lake.